{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;\red54\green55\blue57;
\red35\green35\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;\cssrgb\c27451\c27843\c29020;
\cssrgb\c18039\c18431\c19608;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
About this item\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Product details\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs21 \cf4 The VICTGOAL Bicycle helmet adopted high density EPS structure, our helmet could strongly buffer the impact to protect your head. The inner pad use of breathable material to wear comfortably. Our cycling helmet complies with U.S. CPSC Safety Standard for Bicycle Helmets.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The goggles & visor could greatly block the hard glare while cycling in order to provide a clear view for users. It could prevent the harm from sands, bugs and win, so it could greatly protect your face and head.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This bicycle helmet is made of high-density PC shell and EPS foam, with durable hard shell and soft pad can absorb the pressure caused by external impact. Our bike helmet will make you feel comfortable and protect you in all directions.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Super Bright USB Rechargeable Rear Light, 3 flashing modes could meet all your demands based on different situation. It will help riders behind you clearly recognized your direction. The bike helmet light only takes two hours to charge and can be used for 10 hours.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Our bike helmet is design with 21 breathable vents, can effectively reduce air resistance and make you feel cool when cycling. The cycling helmet only 310g (0.68 lb) will not cause any burden to the rider's head during cycling.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
VICTGOAL bike helmet fits for adult men and women, you can adjust the helmet size easily with one hand, size L: 22.4-24 inch (57-61 cm), our bicycle helmet will give you a comfortable and happy journey.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 info:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 We aim to show you accurate product information.\'a0
\f1\b0 Manufacturers, suppliers and others provide what you see here, and we have not verified it.\'a0\'a0
\fs28 \ul See our disclaimer
\fs21 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Specifications\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 Weight
\f1\b0\fs21 \cf4 \
0.68 lb\

\f0\b\fs24 \cf5 Material
\f1\b0\fs21 \cf4 \
EPS foam, PC shell\

\f0\b\fs24 \cf5 Bicycle type
\f1\b0\fs21 \cf4 \
Road Bikes\

\f0\b\fs24 \cf5 Sport helmet type
\f1\b0\fs21 \cf4 \
Road Bike Helmets\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb6 \ul \ulc5 More details
\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Warranty\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 Warranty information
\f1\b0\fs21 \cf4 \
This product is covered by a 90-day limited warranty against manufacturing defects. The warranty does not cover damage caused by misuse, improper handling, accidents, or normal wear and tear. For warranty service, please contact the seller with your order information and product details.\
\
Please be aware that the warranty terms on items offered for sale by third party Marketplace sellers may differ from those displayed in this section (if any). To confirm warranty terms on an item offered for sale by a third party Marketplace seller, please use the 'Contact seller' feature on the third party Marketplace seller's information page and request the item's warranty terms prior to purchase.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs21 \cf5 \cb6 \ul More details
\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Warnings\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 Ingestion Hazard
\f1\b0\fs21 \cf4 \
This product contains a battery. Death or serious injury can occur if ingested. A swallowed battery can cause Internal Chemical Burn in as little as 2 hours. Keep new and used batteries OUT OF REACH OF CHILDREN. Seek Immediate medical attention if a battery is suspected to be swallowed or inserted inside any part of the body.\

\f0\b\fs24 \cf5 Warning Text
\f1\b0\fs21 \cf4 \
This helmet is intended for non-motorized bicycle use only. It does not provide protection against all impacts or accidents. Always ensure the helmet is worn correctly with the chin strap securely fastened and adjusted for a snug fit. This helmet includes a detachable visor/goggles and a built-in USB rechargeable LED tail light. Do not expose the electronic components to water. Charge only with a certified 5V USB power source. Never use the helmet while charging. Replace the helmet after any significant impact or visible damage. Do not attempt to modify or disassemble the protective structure. This product is not a toy. Keep out of reach of children when not in use.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
}